I followed the sergeant-chef hakim
mezoughi I'm 29 I'm five years old
service and I am a sports coach
3200 meters 10 minutes 30
the specialty of sports coach
is to standardize the level of
each soldier it also consists of
perfect each staff
when we have reached this basic level
to make it the best
sports coach is first of all a
pedagogue s is then an athlete like
sports coach must be
multidisciplinary much more than
specialist
I exercise an extra professional sport
cross-country miscellaneous and half-bottom
on track in the summer it can take me to
perform 10 to 11 workouts
weekly I was already training
a lot before getting into the army
well the taste of the effort I had already
you are brought to the she retransmits all
days because anyway
it's one of the main nerves of our
job
when we are 37 kilos on the back and
we walk 10 hours on patrol in
afghanistan is going to taste the effort there
better be educated to be
fighters foremost and coaches
sportsmen after the military there is a
great part of adaptation and that's
true when we get to the job we
can see it quickly we sent for
our first mission maybe as
sports coach
and then my second mission there I
do as a bodyguard and when
one is bodyguard is good there I can
tell you that we are widely
fighters foremost and he is
important for a soldier to leave
they train they train here
all year
he has ants in his legs and he
in he wants to go there he wants to
leave and show to show what he
can do
the risk we all have we all have one
little bit in the corner of our head
but hey it's an integral part of the
craft so the enemy is clearly
identified I would not hesitate because I
trained for that and it's my job to
seven cases my job the sports coach
and is multicard makes pass enormously
test to these military an exemption
internships for children
he's doing sports for families of
military it is impossible to coach
civilians like
military people there are values
we have in the army
rigor cohesion and others
values ​​that are clearly distinct
more diluted in the civilian
we may have to pass patents
of state at the same time that we exercise our
profession that's why coach
sporty that still offers some
panel of
in the eure in terms of reconversion or
even career development I aspire in
made to instruct them our future
sports coaches at the national center
defense sports
the coaching specialty
really gives the feeling of being
to be helpful and then to teach
useful things to people because the
guys who are not physical who can
not contribute to their mission
the chief sergeant mayor of guise is
someone who is good and dancing
refundable